Tags specs (#268)
PrestaShop/prestashop-specs: content/1.7/back-office/shop-parameters/search/tags/tags-listing.md

---
title: Tags listing
weight: 1
---
# Tags listing

> The tagging feature enables to associate products with keywords. Customers can use the keywords to easily and quickly find the products they are looking for.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The tagging feature allows associating products with keywords. Customers can use the keywords to easily and quickly find the products they are looking for.
```

> ## Multistore

Reviewer: This whole part is wrong, there is no shop association block while creating or editing a tag, so it's added for all shops and then the lists displays all the tags no matter the context

- Group 1
  - Shop A
  - Shop B
- Group 2
  - Shop C

If I select group 1 as context, then the stores created in Shop A and Shop B will be displayed.

If I select Shop A as context, then the stores created in Shop A will be displayed.

If I select all shops as context, then the stores created in Shop A, Shop B and Shop C will be displayed.

## Call to action
 
A call to actions is displayed in the header of this page:
 
  - Add new tag

👉 See the [specs of the add/edit tag](./add-edit-tag.md) 

## Settings wheel

When clicking on the settings wheel, the following options are displayed:

1. Refresh list

After clicking on it, the page is reloaded. Sorts and searches are kept.

2. Show SQL query

After clicking on it, the SQL query is displayed in a modal. The SQL query takes into account filters and sorts that have been done.

There are two buttons:

- Close: After clicking on it, the modal is closed
- Export to SQL Manager: After clicking on it, the SQL query is opened in Advanced parameters > Database > SQL Manager

3. Export to SQL Manager

After clicking on it, the SQL query is opened in Advanced parameters > Database > SQL Manager.

> ## Columns

Reviewer: For this part, the search and sort part are missing

The page displays the tag list with the following columns:

1. ID

> ID number of the tag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ID of the tag.
```

2.  Language

Language of the tag.

3. Name

Name of the tag.

4. Products

Number of products that can be found with the tag.

5. Actions

- **Edit.** This is the main action and it can be performed by clicking on the line or on the button. 
👉 See the [specs of the add/edit tag](./add-edit-tag.md) 

- **Delete.** The tag can be deleted by clicking on this button. After clicking on "Delete", a modal with the title "Delete selection" is opened asking to confirm or cancel the  action: "Are you sure you want to delete the selected item(s)?"
  The action can be canceled by clicking on the cross or on the cancel button.

>   After clicking on "Delete" button, the store is deleted and a successful message is displayed "Successful deletion."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  After clicking on "Delete" button, the tag is deleted and a successful message is displayed "Successful deletion."
```

---
title: Tags listing
weight: 1
---
# Tags listing

The tagging feature allows associating products with keywords. Customers can use the keywords to easily and quickly find the products they are looking for through the search bar in front office.

## Multistore

> Creating or editing a tag, it's added for all shops and then the lists displays all the tags no matter the context selected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While creating or editing a tag, it's added or edited for all shops (no matter the context selected). So, the list displays all the tags, no matter the context selected.
👉 See [the specs](../../../../../broader-topics/multistorespecialsspecs.md#list-of-pages-for-specific-case-2-add-new-pages-without-shop-association-block)
```

## Call to action
 
A call to actions is displayed in the header of this page:
 
  - Add new tag

👉 See the [specs of the add/edit tag](./add-edit-tag.md) 

## Settings wheel

When clicking on the settings wheel, the following options are displayed:

1. Refresh list

After clicking on it, the page is reloaded. Sorts and searches are kept.

2. Show SQL query

After clicking on it, the SQL query is displayed in a modal. The SQL query takes into account filters and sorts that have been done.

There are two buttons:

- Close: After clicking on it, the modal is closed
- Export to SQL Manager: After clicking on it, the SQL query is opened in Advanced parameters > Database > SQL Manager

3. Export to SQL Manager

After clicking on it, the SQL query is opened in Advanced parameters > Database > SQL Manager.

> ## Columns

Reviewer: Could you specify for each columns if a search or a sort is possible ?

The page displays the tag list with the following columns:

1. ID

ID of the tag.

2.  Language

Language of the tag.

3. Name

Name of the tag.

4. Products

Number of products that can be found with the tag.

5. Actions

- **Edit.** This is the main action and it can be performed by clicking on the line or on the button. 
👉 See the [specs of the add/edit tag](./add-edit-tag.md) 

- **Delete.** The tag can be deleted by clicking on this button. After clicking on "Delete", a modal with the title "Delete selection" is opened asking to confirm or cancel the  action: "Are you sure you want to delete the selected item(s)?"
  The action can be canceled by clicking on the cross or on the cancel button.
  After clicking on "Delete" button, the tag is deleted and a successful message is displayed "Successful deletion."
  
### Bulk actions

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Bulk actions button is enabled only if at least one row of the list is selected.
```

---
title: Tags listing
weight: 1
---
# Tags listing

The tagging feature allows associating products with keywords. Customers can use the keywords to easily and quickly find the products they are looking for through the search bar in front office.

## Multistore

While creating or editing a tag, it's added or edited for all shops (no matter the context selected). So, the list displays all the tags, no matter the context selected.

> 👉 See [the specs](../../../../../broader-topics/multistorespecialsspecs.md#list-of-pages-for-specific-case-2-add-new-pages-without-shop-association-block)

Reviewer: This link seems wrong, could you fix it ?

> 👉 See [the specs](https://github.com/PrestaShop/prestashop-specs/blob/master/content/1.7/broader-topics/multistorespecialsspecs.md#list-of-pages-for-specific-case-2-add-new-pages-without-shop-association-block)

Reviewer: We should use relatives links rather than absolutes links

- Export to SQL Manager: After clicking on it, the SQL query is opened in Advanced parameters > Database > SQL Manager

3. Export to SQL Manager

After clicking on it, the SQL query is opened in Advanced parameters > Database > SQL Manager.

## Columns

The page displays the tag list with the following columns:

1. ID

ID of the tag.

2.  Language

Language of the tag.

3. Name

Name of the tag.

4. Products

Number of products that can be found with the tag.

5. Actions

- **Edit.** This is the main action and it can be performed by clicking on the line or on the button. 
👉 See the [specs of the add/edit tag](./add-edit-tag.md) 

- **Delete.** The tag can be deleted by clicking on this button. After clicking on "Delete", a modal with the title "Delete selection" is opened asking to confirm or cancel the  action: "Are you sure you want to delete the selected item(s)?"
  The action can be canceled by clicking on the cross or on the cancel button.
  After clicking on "Delete" button, the tag is deleted and a successful message is displayed "Successful deletion."
  
### Bulk actions
The Bulk actions button is enabled only if at least one row of the list is selected.

> Clicking on the _Bulk actions_ button allows users to perform bulk actions for selected stores (using the checkboxes). A user can:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Clicking on the _Bulk actions_ button allows users to perform bulk actions for selected tags (using the checkboxes). A user can:
```

- Select all/Unselect all: this button will select/unselect all the checkboxes at the beginning of each row of the listing.

> - Delete selected: This button will delete the selected stores. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Delete selected: This button will delete the selected tags. 
```

> When trying to delete the selection without any checkboxes checked, the following message is displayed: "You must select at least one element to delete."

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

Reviewer: On migrated pages, the Bulk actions button is enabled only if at least one row of the list is selected, so this case can't happen

After clicking on "Delete selected", a modal with the title "Delete selection" is opened asking to confirm or cancel the action: "Delete the selected item(s)?" (See issue [#14462](https://github.com/PrestaShop/PrestaShop/issues/14462)). The action can be canceled by clicking on the cross or on the cancel button.
After clicking on "Ok" button, the selected tag is deleted, a successful message is displayed "The selection has been successfully deleted."

## Search

> The search button is disabled as long as there are less than 2 tags in the list. Search can be used for ID, language, name and Products.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The search button is disabled as long as there are less than 2 tags in the list. A search can be done by ID, language, name, and Products.
```

> It's possible to sort the list by pressing the arrow button near ID, language, name or products.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's possible to sort the list by ID, language, name or products in an ascending or descending way.
```
